Committee will please come to order.
Chair, would you again like to welcome the guests
who have come to the committee room today?
We're happy to have you here observing
one of your congressional committees tonight.
And Chair would like to remind the audience
of the Standing Committee rule,
which many of you have heard many times before,
and to the effect that there are to be no audible manifestations
of approval or disapproval of anything
that is carried in the committee room.
That includes the fall,
unnecessarily loud laughter and things of that type.
The uniform members of the Capitol Police Force,
did you see before you,
and the plane closed,
people scattered throughout the audience.
Have been requested by the committee
to carry out their rules,
to remove from the committee room immediately,
firmly but politely,
any of our guests who for reasons best known to themselves
might elect to violate the terms of the conditions
under which you entered the room,
namely to refrain from any behavior that would in any way
interfere with the conduct of the hearing.
Chair would like to acknowledge the presentation
of this little model of a ship,
which is the model of the ship from which the picture
of the cane immediately was taken and expressed
to the members of the committee's effect
that he has been advised by Columbia Pictures
they are inviting the members of our council
and the members of the committee next week
to have a previewing of that picture here in Washington.
So you may expect a letter to the mail
which is not a subpoenae sooner or later.
That's a pretty good version, yeah.
Now, if we are ready to begin with the last other question
which asks by Selenger May Salen,
does the Markman German?
Uh, a gentleman's?
Did you say the cane or the corn mutiny?
Cain.
I am not going to recognize Mr. Cohen
on the point of question to reference on that.
Bill Filth, the chairman, I do have a point of first
when privilege I'd like to raise here,
not a matter of two serious,
but like the record straight.
May I say to the Prime Minister of the Prisons?
I know the one lawyer is extremely busy trying a case.
Oftentimes he has shoved before him papers.
And at first glance, the may misconstrued the importance
of the particular document.
I think that perhaps happened this morning
as far as Mr. Welfth was concerned.
While he and I have differed on a number of locations,
I'm sure that he would not, uh,
at all, uh, attempt to, uh,
misconstrued the document.
I'm seeing this all serious.
Uh, this morning, Mr. Welfth asked me whether or not,
I had testified that I had not seen or seen the Cain application
for a commission.
Uh, he read my testimony to the effect that I had not.
Uh, Mr. Welfth apparently looking through these documents
of the opinion when he saw the name,
Joe McCarthy, him the folder that I had,
uh, I would like to now either make it clear
or let Mr. Welfth make it clear that I did not fix my name.
Do any application by Mr. Cain for a commission?
Uh, no recommendation for a commission.
Uh, I think Mr. Welfth was, uh, justified
and making this mistake over in that my name is affixed
as a witness to Mr. Cain's loyalty, oh.
The loyalty of the effect that he does not belong to,
oh, there's a vast number of communist fund organizations.
I raised this up in criticism of Mr. Welfth
because I saw the folder, uh,
show before him just a couple of minutes before he raised his question.
And I, uh, this is not a big kind of well-stay in his sense.
But I, uh, I feel this was a very, very honest mistake.
Kevin, uh, I, well, I think perhaps a comment from me is
the hardest senator.
I'm sure I'll recognize you, but the,
also that you, red thumb,
it is true it's the so-called loyalty author
and figure-turing respect to the, uh,
subversely, a blister of names on it.
It is signed, D. David Cain,
and then there's a blank where it's a signature of what makes things,
what does he not, sir, and Roy M. Cohn signed it.
And the perfect.
And Senator, if you ask me why I'm the dick and your name appears
to be what it does, it's more than I know.
Uh, frankly, it's more than I know, too.
I apparently was asked, uh,
apparently Roy and I were asked to witness this, uh,
loyal to you, which had passed the day of didn't belong to any of these subversive organizations,
uh, and, uh, as you know, as a lawyer,
uh, what's the thing a document is,
a matter of, uh, form?
Uh, I don't even recall when I witnessed this,
this is definitely my signature,
but it does not have anything to do whatsoever with his application for a commission,
other than the usual loyalty or what you would say.
Uh, I believe in requesting any position government.
I think we're pretty well in the agreement,
if you'll add that the loyalty or the company is the application for a commission.
Yes, I think we should, I think also on Mr. Weld.
So we will agree that, uh,
uh, while this is now attached to the balance of the file,
at the time, at the time this was handed to me,
this is merely a loyalty old.
Now, there was no application for commission attached to this.
Uh, there's nothing except this, uh,
certification that he did not belong to these various communist organizations,
and, uh, period.
May I say one other thing to, uh,
when I have my next 10 minutes,
I will ask you certain questions based on the application itself,
but I've seen no point in offering an evidence.
If you desire to enter into the paper that you have before you'll be offered an evidence,
it may be.
Uh, no.
As you wish.
No, I, I think that the, uh,
members, as many might want to see it,
if any of the members of the press care to see it good.
It's a single sheet, but why don't we mark that in evidence?
And I assure you that that's the rest of the application.
I would have no objection with this going in evidence.
I think that the answer is, the exhibits are given to proper individualism.
They're all missed well.
That's just fine, it's a moment, yes.
Yes.
Uh, Senator Jackson, I guess your next sentence.
Vendor Jackson, there's Senator.
Ah, perhaps a little.
Uh, Senator Oche.
Senator Simon.
Senator McCoy, I see.
I have a string of questions here, uh,
about Pam Poo, if you'd help me with a short answer,
it's possible.
I appreciate it, I'd like to get over it.
For some time when I get the gun on this appropriate bill for defendants.
The next question.
Are senators who are not members of either of these committees,
nevertheless entitled in your opinion,
to receive confidential documents as authorized persons under the espionage act?
As authorized persons on the espionage, right up to our deck.
I don't think these stamps on a document, uh,
it's been following, uh, Senator.
I'll try and give you short answers, but as I said,
it's, uh, John Jones has embezzled $50,000.
I don't think he can protect himself by a stamp of secrecy.
Uh, I don't think that any information,
and again, I'd say I hesitate to do the long answer,
but any information was written.
I've been exposed to the name of informants,
and let's get a technique, or anything with my, uh,
the name of the National Security should be,
and anyway, may it be public, other than that.
Other than the American people said of all the information available.
There's one I think that's based on your previous testimony, I like it.
Just be sure I have it in the record.
Is the chairman of the House on American Activity Committee,
and you're also in title to receive classified documents?
Uh, Mr. Femmingman answers the same,
doesn't the question of the,
the stamps on the document get the trust of the information within the document?
Well, I'll be sure I understand if a man has a classified document,
and believes that any can prove wrongdoing of his superior,
has either right to bring it to the chairman of the House on American Activity Committee.
Not only the right, but the duty of he knows the superior is you'll be wrong, though.
If he thinks his superior is wrong, he may think it's not knowing.
Yes, right.
How about the other members of the House on American Activity Committee?
I think under the act of 1912 Senator Femmingman,
every man working in government has a duty to bring information wrongdoing to any son of any kind.
All the members of the House of Representatives also authorize to receive confidential documents.
I'm pardoned.
I think that the congress thought I was going to mention,
not not going to mention any of these.
All other members of the House of Representatives also authorize to receive confidential documents.
Senator, when you refer to a confidential document again, may I say,
pass it by any information,
let's not stick to that, any information having to do with wrongdoing,
regardless of how it's classified,
any representative of the people of the handle have.
Next question.
Do you think it members of the staff of this committee are also authorized to receive confidential documents?
I think the members of this, I just think it keeps going over the whole and over the rest,
but the members of the staff and not only have the rights of the duty to get any information
with second-guet about any wrongdoing, any person in government.
You're talking about all the staff,
regardless of the particular stamps of the press upon the staff.
You're talking about all the staff members of just some,
all of the staff members.
Even though it might not have been clear,
when we talk about being clear at some point,
as far as I know, no one on my staff has been refused any clearance.
Originally, we have an explanation.
Originally, we asked for clearance from the defensive park.
I mean, running a judgment, I'm only asking for information.
I would like to explain to you in protecting every member of the staff.
If I don't give it a picture.
Originally, I think that I asked for clearance from the defensive parkman
for all members of the staff
when we discovered later that, as far as I know,
we're getting no secret material anything like that from the defensive parkman.
The question of clearance hasn't had much meaning.
I myself have been satisfied that all members of my staff
are good, honest, decent, loyal Americans.
Well, I have no choice to doubt that, Senator.
But I wouldn't like to ask that.
When I was, for example, chairman of the National Security Resource Board,
I was constantly in the Tomic Energy Secret.
And not only myself, but my secretary had to have two clearance,
which is even higher than Tomic Secret.
Now, if some member of the Tomic Energy Commission came to a member of this staff,
who did not have clearance or had been refused clearance,
do you think they have the right to see that information?
Any information of wrongdoing is...
Senator, can I just take 30 seconds of your time?
You and I discussed in an executive session.
And I think you were very right in the position you took at that time.
When it's just the question of whether or not we should have public hearings
on alleged communist infiltration of atomic and hydrogen bomb plants,
you took the position at that time, and I think rightly so,
that before we made that decision, I should take the matter up at the White House.
I don't think it was a public session, but it was an executive session.
Without discussing any of the evidence we had, as you know,
I did take it up with some of the White House A's
with the man from the Justice Department,
with one of our high elected officials in the executive.
I don't mean President Eisenhower.
I paid enough to the United States.
And I was convinced at that time that it would not be in the national interest
at that particular time.
I am implying that particular time to hold any public hearings on atomic energy matters
and other questions that you bring up, but they're not.
There should be a few questions.
I would say this if we can work out any kind of a workable arrangement
with the executive, whereby we can get information,
which may be classified as Secret Top Secret.
Then it would be of the utmost importance that all members of the staff
get clearance of some kind, either through atomic energy,
defense department won't have you.
As of now, I have paid very little attention to any clearance.
As I recall, no one has been refused any clearance,
but we haven't been getting Secret Top Secret material,
so the clearance doesn't much...
Here's my point.
I'm sorry, I did too much time on that.
Yeah, I'll try to make my point.
If I can, in the executive department,
all people who are cleared for classified documents are allowed to see.
And one of the most important things in the executive brain to the government
is not to allow people who have not been cleared to see classified information,
see classified information.
Every member of the executive branch is found by his instructions
and by his old ineffective act.
Now, what worries me about this, and it's an object of discussion,
it has nothing to do with personality,
what worries me is that, apparently, from this testimony,
it's beginning to appear as if you think that members of the staff
of the Senate and the House have a right to classified information
with other government employees, including members of the military,
have not, based on their orders.
I hope I didn't...
If I can give you the order, I question one upon one I said,
my review to this over and over,
that is all members of this committee,
all members of the staff,
I think are entitled to every piece of evidence
about wrongdoing any place in government.
I think the Americans people are entitled to that.
Now, as one of the...
Again, if I may take another ten seconds.
Don't take this too much.
I'll talk to you later.
The UNI and Onder are two theories.
One is that it's a favor to the Americans people
look to know what's going on here in Washington.
The other is that they're entitled to information with the rear
or they're hired man on the fight.
I subscribe to the latter theory.
I think they're entitled to know what's going on,
and I don't think, Senator,
that you can teach that from the Congress of the American people
by stamping something classified.
Well, now, next question,
would you think you were authorized to receive the classified document?
If the document, which was delivered to you,
that the two-in-a-quarter paid,
had originated in the Army rather than with the FBI.
I presume you ran into that based on three of the testimony with the A.
I felt that I was not only authorized to get the document,
but I had a duty to act upon the information contained therein.
I did that as a result of that,
as a result of the work of the committee, I should say,
from 35 people who were then working in the radar plan
or no longer working there.
Next question, would it make any difference
if the classified documents had born in Army stamp of secret
or pop secret instead of the FBI classification of confidential?
The stamp on the documents, Mr. Simon,
can to me have no importance whatsoever,
because you can any clerk,
any one of the two million person government,
can pick up a stamp marked secret and rubber stamp of document.
Suppose the document requires two clearance
by the atomic energy commission.
The answer would be the same, wouldn't it?
I don't think I understand your question.
Well, suppose the document had been one which required few clearance to see,
you would still feel the same way about it, wouldn't you?
Some of the Senator,
we are not talking about how we're getting atomic secret.
We are not trying to do that.
We're not talking about getting defense secret.
We are only talking, can I make money?
We're only talking,
so if my answer is not set up,
I hope the Senator can ask another question.
Senator, we are not talking,
here about getting the nation's secrets.
We are now discussing the right of our committee to get him from mission,
showing that people in positions of power are abusing that power,
our dishonors,
are serving the communist power,
our fellow defenders, fully made.
And we can pull it down this way.
I'm curious.
Well, my only chairman has been good enough to tell communist.
There was a time in the hearing when one of the members of your staff,
as our members said, that there was communist infiltration in the atomic energy plant
and an hydrogen plant.
Actually, both hydrogen plants would come under the atomic energy commission.
The presumption they'll follow with these,
that they'll choose, there would be information which would be given this committee.
And I don't believe based on what Mr. Carr said,
that you have two clear points on the committee.
If I'm right, if I'm wrong, I'm not that correct.
Well, you are both right and wrong under a list of respect.
That we do not attempt to get the atomic hydrogen secret.
Our committee does not deal with the ability of the e-bomb,
or the H-bomb as a manufacturer.
However, if we find there's evidence that there are Twitter's
in the e-bomb plant, then we want that information.
And that is the kind of information that, you know,
in effect, we specialize in graph, shrub, and communism, what have you.
We don't, our committee does not.
It looks for the military or air-age bomb thinker.
Thank you, Chairman.
I think I can close my questioning, and I can make a grand.
Great.
It's going to be any questions?
I just want to talk about my cabinet.
I only take that.
I don't think it's possible to go my syrup and nothing.
Senator, you testified at age 6247
to subultry to refer to you as a refrigid with this warning
that you had not read state signs application for commission.
Is that right?
That was correct, and that is still my testimony.
And we now know from examining if there's no indication
of read it or endorse it or anything else.
That's right, that is correct.
You have not read it?
Yes.
I have not read it.
You know, I only say this to Mr. Moon,
I grant that certain portions of the first time I've seen him.
For any event you're not familiar with, the contents of the application.
I am not, no further question.
Mr. Walsh, your cabinet.
Senator McCarthy, in reference to Jean-David Stein's application for it,
can I ask your mic as a reward for once again?
Yes.
Is it?
It was all right now, I think.
Yes, sir.
I think you have a copy of, or did at least, have a copy of the Jean-David Stein's application
for a commission at your desk today.
Mr. Coln, out of copy, I ain't...
Somebody's from Mr. Walsh, that's very pretty.
I think I've been referring to you.
Well, in any event, I think, for my purposes, it's satisfactory if I read a portion of it,
which reflects his experience.
Can I follow that, as you read it, Mr. Walsh?
I'm reading from...
I may say that, Mr. Walsh, but I don't think that you read badly, read correctly,
but this morning, I made a statement of you said that if you said that I assigned the application
to take your words for that, you were of the opinion I had of that time.
I made the mistake of not checking the application's address, and I like to check what we read.
Now, what's paid to you reading from?
I'm reading item 36, that something headed application for appointment in the Office of Reserve
Corps, which is the first sheet.
It should be the top sheet of what you have before you.
And that's on the second page, a block of type writing.
Thank you, Mr. Walsh.
The first is the six-foot-foot-foot.
Beginning with the words, when I was 17.
I left.
Have you looked there?
Yes, sir.
When I was 17, Thomas, I joined you as Naval Mountain Reserve,
and at that time, had a one-year training program followed by C.V.D. Thomas,
and I was a midshipman, Thomas, inactive for several months, curious.
When I reported a San Francisco to begin training, Thomas,
I discovered that the program had been linked to four years,
and I volunteered for immediate C.V.D. in the Army and Transport Service.
I was excited and served as transportation officer
in the transportation office, period.
Duty-sweetly help handle all ships' business, such as payroll,
requisitions, customs, immigrations, and health matters, Thomas,
voyage repair list, personnel and properties, EEC.
While in the Army and Transport Service, I made several voyages
as a ship's officer with ranks of new tenants to such places
as Japan, Korea, Philippines, Hawaii, Panama, and Germany.
Service extended from June 1946 to June 1947.
Psychological Wear, W-A-R-E, but I take that to meet war.
Psychological warfare is my field.
Do you agree that that should be the need you have as senator, sir?
I think that's a little more clearly.
I think it must mean it's my field, I'm from also business and management.
I noticed in that typewriting a reference to voyages,
a ship's officer with ranks of new tenants.
And you have an occasion spoken in this room of the rank of simulated new tenants,
or some similar phrase, is that correct, Senator?
I think the correct phrase is simulated rank.
Estimated or stimuli?
Simulated.
Yes, I am doing this.
About a few minutes.
Yes.
In any event, you do not understand that the Missission had a full
rank of new tenants unfold, while in that service, do you?
Yes, I do, Mr. Rose.
You're fairly of the rank of the tenants in the Army Transportation's Purpose.
You do, if you can mind that all I know about this is what I have heard.
Did you ever hear that one of the difficulties about his being commissioned was
that he turned off that he actually didn't have a rank of new tenants?
Did you ever hear that, sir?
No, I did not.
Also, I was interested.
Some days ago, you said something about G-Day that's shining,
making him in some way with Korea.
And I have heard here that he was on a ship, which made voyages
to such places as Japan's Korea, Philippines, Hawaii, Panama, and Germany.
Were you basing what you said about G-Day that's shining in respect to Korea
on what is stated in this paragraph?
No, but what Dave told me, and I made it very clear to you the other day
that he did not serve in the Korean War.
Well, I told you he was over there in the Army Transport Service.
Some period of time before the war, and there was no question I'm sure
anyone's mind about that.
It feels like a record.
I don't think you had any of the impression that he fought in the Korean War, sir.
Why not?
I'm not suggesting that he did.
I made it very clear positively.
I made a statement that he had not served in the Korean War.
And the only connection with Korea that G-Day but China had is for
I Juneau and I know whether it was the occasional landing there
when he was on this in this transport.
This?
As a little comment from the Army Transport.
I want now just to direct your attention to two or three places
in the record having to do with the matters that have been under discussion
so heavily this morning.
And see if we cannot close the references to this matter
with what I now which is called to call to your attention.
In volume 10, in volume 10 at page 1-8-8-0,
I just want to volume 10 at page 18-8-1.
Here it goes.
Where your name first appears, Senator Matrati,
and the phrase, the first sentence is, I did not,
I drop down three lines and then read your testimony.
I will never put Mr. Hoover in the position of either saying yes or no
as to whether I should make use of this material.
I don't think he would want to speak put in that position.
I have never discussed with him.
And while I don't, I don't mean to skip it, I'll go to your last sentence.
I have used my own judgment and the ones that I thought should be used.
I have used.
There's no doubt that that's the correct statement of your presentation is it Senator?
Let's correct statement I think.
And again, in another volume which is volume 11,
at page 204-0, when you would just be supposed to move.
I know.
Just before.
I mentioned.
Page 204-0, the first, the second paragraph on the page,
I read you the first five lines.
I don't think that a congressional committee is bombed
if I may have the chair's attention.
I don't think that any congressional committee is bombed by the opinion of anyone
in the executive as to whether or not they are entitled to certain information.
That remains your stand today.
I'm sure that did not.
You are correct.
And on page 305 of the record in volume 18.
Volume 14th, volume 18.
Yes, Mr. Drill.
About six lines down the first long answer,
I'll read only the first two lines.
Senator Maccarrity.
I say that I don't think this committee is bombed by any letter from the attorney general.
That was represented your view then and now that it is not.
Great.
One more point in this connection.
I think it would be helpful if we had in the records,
the old suboffice that a military officer
signed on joining the military forces
and being assigned to the Pentagon.
I would have no objection with that.
It's short.
I, with a blank for the name,
having been appointed an officer in the Army of the United States
and indicated above in the grade of blanks,
do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States
against all enemies for and domestic,
that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same,
that I take this obligation freely without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion,
and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office
upon which I am about to enter, so help me God.
There are therefore three things that he says he will do,
first that he will support and defend the Constitution,
secondly that he will bear true faith and allegiance to the same,
and thirdly that he will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office
upon which he has about to enter.
You and I understand Senator and we have different views about it.
And I am not a better, but you and I have different views.
Because I do it, Tom, in the last time he was old,
where he says he will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office
upon which he is about to enter.
He does at that point that the legends would appear on FBI documents,
making them confidential or secret,
make them front this officer,
and he under his oath of office must obey the orders of his superior
as to whether or not he reveals those documents.
Is that correct sir?
You are incorrect, Mr. Wilson, but our military established the documents
in the Dernberg's files left.
No man could use any legal documents.
Thank you.